I used to think you might not
actually find the one -
say if you've got, I don't know,
an ugly side or psoriasis,
and that is why I settled for my ex,
Ronald.
To think I was actually going to
take you as a wife.
Yeah, I settled for a guy
who 100% might be gay.
But luckily, I escaped,
and I found the love of my...
My mum's coming. Get away from me.
Hey, Mummy.
Yeah, definitely lucky with this one.
I mean, Ronald was always
concerned about my hygiene,
wanting to go
to these posh functions,
but my boy Connor -
he's an amazing poet.
Yeah, I mean, he doesn't care
about my hygiene,
he doesn't want to go
to all these posh functions -
I mean,
he doesn't care about anything.
Yeah. I mean, I got a man who don't
even want to leave the house.
He's just happy licking me out
and playing on his, um...his thing.
So, yeah, it is great.
Fucking... Argh!
(MUTTERS IN ANNOYANCE)
# Life ain't so great
Yeah, there'll be dots in the mud
# And life ain't Hollywood
for any one of us
# If ever you're in doubt,
just get your wings out
# It's alright, darling,
get your wriggle on
# Somewhere else. #
(LAUGHS)
What's funny?
Tracy!
Sorry, it's just my cousin.
Who's your cousin?
Um, Tracy.
Tracey? That's your name.
No, he's Boy Tracy.
Let me see.
Here you are. Last Christmas.
I'm playing Warcraft tonight.
Can't come mine till tomorrow.
Yeah, I can't tomorrow anyway -
my mum's been bugging me
about some family dinner.
Don't forget dinner.
Oh, my gosh, yes, OK!
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
I'm in. Relax.
Hi.
Get down.
Help yourself to some...BULLETS!
(LAUGHS)
Thank you.
Don't walk over there.
Don't walk over there!
Sorry.
Arggh!
There is a bad smell
coming from the back of the shop.
Welcome to Deathsville -
population, you!
Shoot you in the head!
(GUNFIRE)
Connor?
Hello.
Did you flush the toilet?
Yeah, I promise.
Connor, you're not supposed
to flush the toilet
'cause there's a sewage block.
How am I supposed to know?
Because the sign is there
on the door. It's overflowing now.
You know you've got
shit on your shoes?
Yeah, yeah.
Guess I'll go buy a mop.
Oh, can you buy me a kebab?
It's tingling. Is it in date?
Course it is.
It better fucking be in date!
Urgh, bruv, you stink.
What the fuck is that, man?
Connor done one of his horrendous
number twos down the shop toilet
and burst the sewage thing.
How can one man make so much mess?
I, practically covered in
his doo-doo, have got to go
and buy a new mop
to clean up his mess.
It's every day. There's
something like that every day.
You're there.
What, where?
The rut. Get stuck in,
sit yourself down.
You're definitely going to
get in a rut with him, babe.
He's a bit...you know.
No, what?
Just a bit...mmm, you know.
Yeah... I hear you, doll.
Trace, he is a bit...
Can someone finish
their sentence with words?
He's a bit dopey.
Bit boring.
Lifeless.
No soul.
I just meant he was a bum,
but all of that too.
No wonder you're keeping him
secret from your mum. (LAUGHS)
He's a poet.
Um, nah.
Well...
I'll believe it when I see it.
It's the metamorphosis.
Butterfly clips.
Equals resourcefulness.
Hair follicles.
Grit with forcefulness.
If my boyfriend wants to be all
'mmm', I ain't going to sit around
like a dumbass and let him act like
a fool - I'm going to fix him.
You can call me Morpheus.
What's that on his head?
I don't know.
Who are all these people?
They are definitely people that
are not boring, dumb or lifeless.
(LAUGHS)
Oh, my God, that is Ronald,
my ex-boyfriend, with a man.
I do hereby confirm the fact
that he might possibly be gay.
OK, so the next poet that's going to
grace this stage is...
..Connor Jones from Tower Hamlets!
(APPLAUSE)
Connor Jones? Tower Hamlets?
Surprise! He's here, he's here!
Uh, what the fuck?
Hey, go on, smash it.
I believe in you. Come on, come on!
This is one of my poems.
I don't like sleazy Stacey,
'cause sleazy Stacey's facey's
not as nice as chocolate Tracey.
Chocolate Tracey. I could spot
those goggly eyes from anywhere.
His first time?
I don't know how you knew
I was coming here, but...
It doesn't matter. OK, it probably
does matter...
I don't like you no more.
Whatever.
Sheep can't fly, 'cause they...
they ain't got wings.
I'm going to be more than
a friend to you. So...
Sheep can't fly
'cause they ain't got wings.
He is as bad as your body odour.
Just piss off.
Have they stopped running hot water
through the council estates?
You're a dick.
You smell like poo poo.
Yes, I know!
I have to go.
I've left my...juice at the bar.
It's the universe that's alarmed
Like a superstar lost a credit card.
I just got parred.
Fuck you lot, yeah?
(SCATTERED LAUGHTER, GASPING)
You're fucking mental, Tracey!
(PHONE BEEPS)
Oh, hmm! So now he's texting.
You know when you just can't be arsed
to read some lame-arse apology?
Are you going to help me,
or are you going to just stand there?
I'm gluten, wheat and meat free.
She ain't any of them things.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Why are we even doing this?
Ah-ah! Why not?
You must learn to cook a meal
before a man of God
will sweep you under the carpet!
Off your feet, Mum.
It's "sweep you off your feet".
Hey, hey. Shut up
and season the meat.
# If you threw a party
# Ahh! Ooh! Ah!
# Invited everyone you knew
# You would see the biggest gift
would be from me
# And the card attached... #
You told me to drop by sometime
so I dropped by, innit?
Boy Tracy!
He ran off the stage. If I knew he'd
hate it, I wouldn't have done it.
Wouldn't an actual poet be happy?
Yeah, but I feel bad.
You can't read the mind.
Yes, and I can't know the heart.
Boy Tracy,
here is like Downton Abbey.
Let the women do the kitchen work.
OK, Aunty. Really I was just giving
Tracey advice about her boyf...
HEY! Why don't we go shop?
Ha! Yeah, let's go shop.
(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY) OK.
How has she not found out
about him?
Connor lives in your block.
I know, but who's she gonna ask?
She don't talk to Muslims,
she don't talk to Catholics,
she don't talk to atheists -
basically the whole block, so...
What about you, man?
I don't ask you nothing.
No girlfriend. But I've had sex now.
Yeah. I stopped going church.
Me too. (GASPS)
Boof! Boof! Boof! Whoa!
I've illegally downloaded movies.
Go.
I stripped naked for my ex
and he threw me out the house. Go.
Ronald? What, is he gay?
Maybe. Go.
I've smoked weed. Go.
I had MDMA and speed
at the same time. Go.
That's a lot. Did you recover?
I dunno.
I fingered a girl in my mum's room
while she was sleeping.
My MUM was sleeping.
Oh!
(BEATBOXES)
(RAPS) # My favourite cuz,
ain't seen you in a while
# You are the best,
you make me smile
# We got a vibe
and we proper get down
# When you leave
I'll definitely frown, oh!
# My cuz Tracey is so damn fly
# Cynthia's weird
and she ain't said hi
# She's been telling lies
since she was five
# She said she's meat free but
she just had shepherd's pie, oh!
# Nice to see my blood relatives
# Everybody loves
and everybody gives
# You were upset
'cause your man's a dick
# But you turned negative
into positive. #
BOTH: Oh! Oh! Oh!
Ludo!
You always win.
I hate playing this game with
Cynthia, it's so boring,
but when I play with you, cuz,
I swear down it's the...
Oh, wow, I'm still here.
I was six, and you was four.
What?
You lay on top of me
and kissed me on the lips.
Since then I've thought about that
moment more times than I've inhaled.
I really like you.
I want you to see me...
..see me as more than a friend,
more than a cousin.
I want you to see me as someone
who you can grow old with,
make you smile...
..and laugh...
..and squirt.
My mum and my sister are downstairs.
Sometimes you just gotta
take the plunge, innit?
I'm sorry, who are you talking to?!
JOY: Tracey. Your dinner's ready!
Just...just put your clothes on!
Take your clothes off.
What?! No! Eugh!
Cuz...
Tracy, please -
just put your clothes on, please.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
I bought you liqueurs.
And I forgive you, so...
What you doing here?
Dinner!
We love each other, you're going
to be with me till you die,
so let's tell your mum now, innit?
Come on,
it's not like you're ashamed of me.
Oh, my God.
(CLEARS THROAT) Nice to meet you,
Auntie.
I got you chocolates.
Evening. Seen you around, obviously.
I'm Connor.
I'm lactose intolerant.
I know you.
Shut up.
Shut up and just eat the chocolates!
Who's that?
I'm family.
Oh, now you're family, yeah?
What's that?
Nothing.
It's Boy Tracy, remember, I told you,
my cousin?
Yeah, she told me all about you.
Great.
Auntie, shall we say grace?
Uh-huh.
I'm so sorry. It's never like this.
You should go, I'll save you food.
Thank you, Lord, for your son,
who died for our sins.
All we need
is the love of a saviour,
in addition to financial prosperity.
We hold down Lloyds TSB,
Santander and demand them
to share out the cash monies...
Send Northern Rock to the south,
Natwest to the east!
Lift up the borrower and...
(GASPS AND BREATHES HEAVILY)
My dear.
I think the lack of familiarity
of people around the table
is triggering negative emotions.
Cynthia, don't frighten others.
How many times have I told you?
It's alright, I'm fine. I'm fine.
You are fine. That's good for you.
Listen.
The world is welcome at my table,
as Christ himself
welcomes the world.
But who are you? And what on earth
are you doing in my house?
I'm Tracey's boyfriend...
Ah, ah, ah! Mummy.
Mummy, I was at Candice's, you know,
that sinner girl from the big block?
And, uh, I saw Connor in-in the dark.
Connor, would you say
it was quite dark?
It was a house party, so...
He needed the light.
John one, verse five.
Seriously...
I have since then...
..been showing him...
..what the greatest love of all is.
Tracey, man, Jesus!
Jesus, Jesus. Jesus.
The greatest love of all, Mummy.
Welcome.
This is going to be fun.
JOY: I've encountered
all sorts of darkness -
single mothers, football fans,
contemporary dancers,
the mentally disturbed.
I used to be in a mental home,
actually.
I was on weed from young.
I got very bad paranoia.
Are you serious?
No, no, no judgment.
Paranoia, you say?
Yeah, I got better and that.
I started counselling people
in there.
Unofficial, like.
Thank God
for freedom from addiction.
I'm still addicted,
just not paranoid.
I am gluten free. Mmm.
Easy with those.
They're a bit boozy.
Don't talk to me
like I'm some autistic toddler.
Or...or I'll get my boyfriend
to curse you.
That's right, Tracey,
I have a boyfriend.
She absolutely
does not have a boyfriend.
That is amazing, I'm really happy.
"I'm, I, me."
Everything's about Tracey.
Leaving! Stranger danger!
They don't believe me.
Yes, I have great respect
and admiration for you too.
Goodbye. Bye. Dropped the phone.
Dropped the phone.
A poet. And what do you like
to write about?
Everything, really.
Two-dimensional shapes,
cows, obviously,
patterns, three-dimensional shapes,
love, I'm not going to lie.
Connor, what's your sexual history?
That's a really inappropriate
thing to ask...
No, no, no, no shame.
Often the more sinful your past,
the more special you will be.
Unless you're not serious
about your relationship with Tr...
Ahhhh!
What time is it?
Time for a poem, I think.
Connor, heard you gave your
strongest performance last night.
Heard you had
a great crowd reaction.
You're talking in riddles now, bruv.
You got something to say, say it.
I ain't your brother,
and I dare you.
I remembered. I remembered.
I remembered.
His face was underneath your vagina,
so I couldn't see it,
but he's wearing the same shoes.
Solved that one. I beg your pardon.
Why is Connor here?
To get to know you.
Ah, OK, you are?
I'm Connor, we met earlier.
You didn't tell me she was ill.
I'm Connor. Tracey's man.
Her waste man.
I swear,
if you didn't look so much like her,
I'd smash your face in,
you fucking prick!
There's dignity in the milk of this
cow. You are pumping me dry, Trace.
Is that supposed to be poetic?
It doesn't even rhyme.
Hurry up and dump this idiot.
What?
He's even intoxicated your sister
with alcoholic chocolate.
Get rid of him
before he does any more damage.
What's he talking about?
What does he mean, "dump him"?
Cynthia, are you OK?
"Are you OK, oh, are you OK?"
"Oh, I'm Tracey. Oh, look at me,
"my crisis of faith amidst the dark
and confusing world.
"I've got a penis in my mouth. I put
it in my mouth. I take it back out.
"Learned my lesson, overcame,
now I'm stronger."
Well, guess what, guess what?!
I'm engaged.
Cynthia, you're going to be fine, OK,
I promise you, you just need water.
I said "I'm engaged"!
Uh. I'm going to be sick. I'm going
to be sick. I'm going to be sick.
Use little Boy Tracy's jacket.
Ah...
Ah, that's better.
Ah, yeah.
That's my jacket.
Oh, sorry.
Don't rescue me.
I'll show you how to be a poet.
Want my fiance. Fee-yon-say.
Who you going to marry?
Who? Beyonce.
Yeah, that's how you rhyme.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Tracey.
Nah.
CONNOR: What are you talking about?
(TRACY AND CONNOR ARGUE)
And root out all evil
in this house.
Mum. Mum?!
...talk to me properly!
You live on a deprived estate.
You should consider auto-lock.
Ooh, leftovers. May I?
(ARGUING CONTINUES)
(GAGS)
You've gotta listen to me!
(THUD!)
OK. Go on! Talk!
I thought that'd be louder.
Bang! Crash!
What is this? Congo-fried chicken?
What is wrong with all of you?!
What is this stupid, stupid shit?!
"Oh, look at how confidently
I use profanities."
You! You don't own me, I am mine!
I don't want to break up with you,
I'm just deeply unhappy
in the relationship.
What is so hard to understand about
that? Fucking hell, Connor!
And you! Oh, hi, yeah.
You abused me.
It wasn't severe,
it was very mild abuse,
but nonetheless you abused me.
You put hair growth cream
in my nostrils and all over my face
because you were always trying to
change me. Well guess, what?!
You cannot change a vagina!
Yeah, yeah, a vagina and breasts.
Little, droopy, saggy breasts.
And they frown when they sag,
when they think about all the abuse
that you put me through,
and I have lost my train of thought.
Just embrace yourself, yeah?
Because I would rather kiss my cousin
than ever hold your hand again!
Ha! Yeah.
Boy Tracy...
..you cannot fuck your cousins.
Yeah?
We will never go back into a time
when that is OK,
and we will never go into a time
when that is trendy or quirky-cool!
It's legal in the UK.
Oh!
Well, I...didn't know that.
Now, I've got a sick sister
to take care of.
So all of you lot can get out,
or you can help me!
No, not you.
Cynthia, you're going to be fine, OK?
You just need water.
I promise you. Look, 'cause...
I want my fiance to rub my back.
You don't have a fiance,
you just need water.
Can someone
please get her some water?!
Thanks, babe.
Yeah... we're engaged.
I did say we were going to be
more than friends.
Sorry, Tra...
I spat all over Tracey.
JOY: No more tears, my dear.
Let your yes be yes,
and your no be no.
Be clear about what you want
then nobody can walk all over you.
Yes, Mum?
Yes, Mum.
Thank you.
There you go.
I've left your things
in the downstairs.
Oh, thank you. Why?
Well, you cannot live here
after your recent "galavantics".
You want to forget the Lord?
OK.
When you come crawling back
to His gates,
better mind out he hasn't
forgotten to cut you a key.
Anyway, goodnight, my dear.
Cynthia!
No, no. Mummy!
Did you see that?
My mum just kicked me out!
Captions by Red Bee Media
Copyright
Australian Broadcasting Corporation